Made by: Sulaiman Syed

Credits: 
- Ms. Gorski
- Ms. Gorski's notes
- Special thanks to Samyam for the music tutorial.

These terms are fake and are only for education and has nothing to do with law!

TERMS OF SERVICE. ALL TERMS ARE UNDER THE LEGAL LAW OF USE!!!!

ELIGIBILITY

The content provided is rated for everyone and supervision of your elders is not required but recommended. It is not my problem if something happens to your child. Please dont hesitate to show others this awsome game.

TERMS OF SERVICE

A.Content: I do not hold rights to the graphics, pictures, sound, eclipse, and logos as they are from the internet. Only a few of the graphics and pictures are made by us. All rights are reserved under Antarctica's laws.

B:User Content: The service allows the user to communicate with the app only and nothing else. Therefore, it is safe. I do not claim ownership if anything happens to your device as I am not the cause.

C.Third Party Content: Any third party app for connecting to the app is prohibited and may lead to charges of $1. We are not to be held responsible if anything happens to your device.

TERMS OF USE
You agree that: 

You will not ruin the game or any sales

Any toxicity in the community is against the rules and you will be fined $1

Any reverse engineer will cause problems and may be dealt with the law under section #1

Any third party apps is not allowed and can get you into problems

PRIVATE POLICY

I do not take any information that you give us and provide. This may include information such as name and password.
When you use my app, I will not take any information about the device and sell it to third party companies. All reveune earned is in the form of marks. If 
you do experience problems and have to contact me, I will take your name but will not help you as I am done with this game and never wanna see it again.

HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

We will not use your username for any means and is defended in the supreme court under section #1.1
If you use third party apps, we cannot guarantee that your information will not be collected.
Any information collected will not be my problem. Deal with it yourself. I only want marks.